well guys i think it's about time we
talk about one of youtube's earliest and
most beloved trolls chad warden sup
[__]
it's chad warden here back in 2007 chad
warden established a rather infamous
reputation for himself when he pissed
off thousands of wii and xbox 360
fanboys with the video he uploaded to
his channel this now infamous video was
titled why the ps3 is better than the
wii in 360. all right i'm talking about
that ps triple the ps triple i ain't
talking about that we now we [__]
get that little control baby that looks
like a dildo to many viewers he seemed
like some ignorant kid spouting off
nonsense and they would be enraged by
his arrogant hot takes some got so mad
that they would make angry videos
responding to him we have a plague that
is infesting our youtube accounts we of
course are talking about chad warden but
little did they know chad was baiting
them and he would continue to poke and
prod at the respective console fanboys
across a series of troll videos
resulting in one of the most memorable
community moments in old school youtube
history today i'm gonna tell you all the
story of chad warden we're gonna talk
about his trolling campaign on youtube
and also what happened to him after he
became an internet legend this video is
sponsored by dashlane is the password to
your ps triple protected are the xbox
and wii fanboys trying to hack your psn
well fear not dashlane is the solution
to your password protection and
management needs dashlane is an easy to
use app that generates passwords for you
and creates convenient account info
autofills across the board this takes
the load of password management off your
back and vastly increases account
security as all of your accounts will
have unique passwords so having all of
your account information stored in one
place i know what you're thinking wavy
what if dashlane gets hacked all of your
information is encrypted behind a custom
master password created by you dashlane
doesn't save this master password on
their servers in any form and it's
required to decrypt your data so in the
unlikely scenario that a dashlane breach
occurred your master password only known
by you would keep your information
encrypted and protected oh and one more
thing about dashlane it has a vpn built
into it so you're really getting two
invaluable cyber security tools for the
price of one with that said give
dashlane a try for 30 days free by
clicking the link below that's
dashlane.comwaveywebsurf and if you like
it and want to upgrade the first 200
people to use code wavywebsurf will save
10 off their purchase of dashlane
premium so without any further ado let's
get on to the chad warden story chad
warden created his youtube channel over
a decade ago on march 13th of 2007 smack
dab in what i consider to be the old
school era of youtube this was an
interesting time on the site a simpler
time when viewers were content with
watching carelessly uploaded facecam
vlogs of people in 240p resolution
discussing a random topic and this was
considered acceptable content at this
time not only were videos in this style
acceptable sometimes videos like this
would blow up and go viral especially if
the discussion within the vlog was about
some controversial topic and this was
exactly the case with chad warden in his
first video why the ps3 is better than
the wii in 360. originally uploaded on
the same day he joined youtube march
13th of 2007 viewers who stumbled across
this video were likely expecting some
rational and measured explanation as to
why the at the time recently released
playstation 3 was the technically
superior gen 7 console but what they got
instead was a series of braggadocious
nonsensical and baseless statements from
some kid with slick back hair a popped
collar and a jim jones intro talking
about why the ps3 was the best
[Music]
sup [__]
this is chad warden here
all right i'm talking about that ps
triple the ps triple i ain't talking
about that we everybody knows
is that
ps3 make the best games not me [__] we
where you got legend of zelda who wants
to play that [__] i need to shoot some
news
sony's the bond [__] it's that's true
[__] sony's true [__] and then you and
then we got these xbox fans
about fans of the xbox 360. we ain't
doing geometry we trying to play some
games xbox ain't got games [__] gears of
war more like tears of war [__] [__]
trying to talk about halo galo three
sony always wins baby sonny always wins
you can't beat sony the ps triple six
hundred dollars ain't [__] to chad
wooden
jack wooden wipes his ass with six
hundred dollars you know i need i need
to play some hd games while i'm rolling
my caddy how am i supposed to get some
honeys with the wii get all the honest
with a ps
[Music]
now watching chad warden's first video
in the present day it's rather obvious
that he was trolling here the entire
video was indeed an act and an
intentional parody of the many various
fanatical console fanboys that existed
on the internet at this time but you
have to keep in mind that in 2007 people
weren't as privy to the concept of
trolling in general and you had a lot of
people falling for this not seeing
through the veil here they really
thought that chad warden was some dumb
ass kid who 100 percent wholeheartedly
stood behind everything he was saying
those who got baited by this initial
video would seek retribution against
chad warden for him disrespecting their
precious 360s and nintendos resulting in
chad's comment section being set aflame
with angry comments his video was also
downvoted to 2 out of 5 stars and in the
following days of it being posted he
would receive over 200 video responses
these chad warden response videos often
derided him for his seemingly
misinformed opinions on console gaming
and others would criticize him for using
the n-word and for lack of a better
expression on my end acting gangster
here are some of the guys that took the
bait the funniest thing i've ever seen
from a fanboy
and you've got your mouth so far on
sony's [__] it's not even funny at this
point you're a fanboy this is for chad
warden first of all
you [__] idiot nintendo had final
fantasy first um yo i just got a phone
call her chat one was uh was garbage
what the [__] does it triple you [__]
dumb [__]
like yo do you even like do you know
what school is i bet your dad is some
big rock star right
wow
why
what what's your problem if your name is
chad and it's followed by warden you
can't say [__] at all you just can't
first off have you seen your face you
look like two peanuts had a fight and
mutated each other together many of
these critical chad warden response
videos would garner tens of thousands of
views and the audience reception to them
was generally mixed as you had chad
warden fanboys and chad warden haters
duking it out in the rating section and
the comment section many people despised
chad warden in flock to support any
negative videos made about him but on
the other hand there was a slowly
growing group of supporters who came to
identify and respect chad's trolling
becoming genuine fans of him with just
one video chad had become one of the
most divisive figures on the entire
youtube platform and he was only getting
started one week after chad released his
initial ps3 video he would continue to
flex on his haters by showcasing his
cadillac suv to give some context owning
a cadillac and having a bunch of money
was something that he claimed in his
initial video and this was a point of
contention with many of his detractors
they refused to believe that this was
really the case but chad would back up
his statements in this video he was
really taking the trolling to another
level at this point and was having fun
with the braggadocious persona he had
created for himself not long after this
in april he would continue to lay it on
thick and release the second and final
installment of his why the ps3 is better
than the wii in 360 video series this
one was chock full of what would become
iconic chad warden catch phrases notably
abap or as ballin as possible
so baby's chill
see whizzy big poppy [__] trying to
say that chad won some kind of fan boy
all right chad won't ain't no fan boy
chad won't just like the system that's
the best all right that's that triple
xbox got
let that [__] cry if y'all get if y'all
[__] one game for that triple we got
like devil may run up on a [__] mario
party [__] that that ain't no part
that's [__] ass party all right real
parties real parties guys got some dro
you know
some syrup and one blood in that game
right i ain't see 140 there [__] ain't
even playing beer pong what kind of
party is that super smash brothers i you
ain't got one brother in it one not one
all right that [__] was on that triple
all right super smash brothers be
getting like dre
tupac
biggie
nice aight little giant that should be
ballin as [__] if it was on that trip
can't understand is that the ps triple
stresses a bab all right i know y'all
[__] know what a bad means all right
a bad
means as a baller as possible
after releasing this video the
supporters of chad warden had grown to
become the majority outnumbering his
haters most of the youtube community had
come to terms that chad was actually a
rather clever troll who had successfully
created one of the largest outrage
fueled response video crazes witnessed
in the history of the website he in many
ways became an e-celebrity in 2007 and
this is most clearly seen in the various
ytm nd pages video remixes and youtube
parodies created of his likeness an
interesting phenomena that was occurring
alongside the ascension of chad warden's
popularity on youtube was the rise in
popularity of the youtube poop genre as
a whole chad warden's videos were
commonly used as source material for
ytps created at this time well you know
what i'm trying to say
i'm trying to say
i'll allow former youtube pooper and
renowned copyright smuggler emperor
lemon to explain how chad became
intertwined with ytp take it away imp
people of wavey's channel it is i
everyone's favorite retired youtube
pooper emperor lemon and today i've been
summoned here to talk about the
influence of chad warden in the genre of
youtube poop this is the sports jock and
chad warden the wii u is [__] the xbox
one is disgusting the best force the
best console in chad warden is the king
so chad warden much like many other
early youtube memes came out around the
same time that youtube poop was at its
most popular point on the internet and
as a result he sort of got adopted into
youtube poop culture as a whole so
similar to old old-fashioned memes like
ouija over nine thousand and this is
sparky
chad warden sort of became intertwined
with youtube poop in general everybody
knows
is that chad wouldn't give gay [__]
six hundred dollars just to suck my dick
that [__] is nice so while many internet
users today may have forgotten about
chad warden his legacy will always live
on in ytp thanks for the rundown imp so
despite all the fanfare that followed
chad warden's legendary trolling
endeavors he would maintain a rather low
profile online and did little to
capitalize off his newly found fame in
fact part 2 of his ps triple video
series was the last piece of content he
ever uploaded to his channel however
this wouldn't be the last time he was
seen in video form on youtube as on
december 4th 2007 a video titled pinto
beanzee was uploaded to a channel called
nguyen05 which featured chad warden out
of character eating sushi at a
restaurant with a small group of people
i do like that side
[Music]
okay okay
yes i want to try from this
[Music]
from my
ass
it's a byproduct of me eating
my ribs it's presumed that nuen05 was
the person holding the camera in this
video and was likely some friend or
family member of chad now as i said
previously chad is using his normal
speaking voice here seemingly an
unremarkable observation but it holds a
lot of weight in the context of chad
warden and his online persona has this
proved to the last bastion of chad
warden haters that he was indeed playing
a character in those ps triple videos
which essentially forced them to admit
that they had been trolled conversely
though the video was also perceived as
an unwanted fourth wall breach by many
of his fans who hope that he maintained
that same gangster persona in real life
as he portrayed in his videos regardless
of opinion this chad warden sushi video
was removed shortly after it was
uploaded but many re-uploaded versions
would take its place and would quickly
spread across youtube what followed was
another long period of absence from chad
which would ultimately turn into a more
permanent one as months later on may 2nd
of 2008 chad warden's channel was
abruptly closed not terminated but
voluntarily removed no explanation from
chad has ever been given as to the
reason for the sudden removal of his
channel there's been a prominent rumor
floating around that suggests that the
win05 video that featured chad eating
sushi was uploaded to youtube without
his permission the thought here being
that nguyen may have accidentally
undermined chad warden's troll persona
causing embarrassment and leading him to
take down his channel however this is
only speculation by fans and i feel like
the theory holds little weight
especially when you consider the fact
that chad warden's channel was removed
almost five months after the sushi video
was posted to youtube a gap in my mind
that raises doubt that this was the
cause and effect scenario that many
suggest occurred
regardless we've never really gotten an
explanation from chad warden why he
removed his channel re-uploads of his
content still exist today but no
official word has ever been given so
what actually happened to chad warden
after he became a famous youtube troll
well in recent years the internet has
gotten some answers to this very
question it all starts on february 21st
of 2013 the same day that sony announced
the ps4 to the world on 4chan a photo
was posted by a guy claiming to be chad
warden after dropping this photo the
anonymous poster abandoned the thread
making some doubt that it was really him
but since this 4chan thread went up the
guy in this photo has shown up at
various concerts conventions and gaming
related events with attendees at these
respective events confirming that it's
the real guy
chad was first seen at super magfest
2016 by redditor no thanks already 8.
super magfest is a maryland-based gaming
convention the photo with chad reads met
chad daddy at magfest or should i say
chadfest in 2017 former polygon video
creator nick robinson took a photo with
chad warden at coachella 2017. the
caption reads hanging out with my friend
chad warden ad shadow link posted this
photo he took at super magfest 2018 the
caption reads just met chad warden the
last chad warden sightings i have for
you come from october of 2019. these
were taken by a couple of smashers at a
virginia-based smash brothers tournament
at preston kwan posted after our top 8
on saturday shears organized the salty
sweet at a local bar here's stranded and
lodo the legend chad warden and all the
japanese players plus honorary j player
jonjon got chad warden at the at get
thunder app salty saltysweep this guy is
definitely the real chad warden there's
too many people backing up the claim it
looks like chad's still out there and
he's living his best life now for those
watching who are already familiar with
deep chad warden lore i want to address
the elephant in the room that elephant
being the linkedin account for those who
don't know what i'm talking about in
2017 someone was able to prove that the
name chad warden was actually a youtube
alias and found chad warden's real name
using a now deleted linkedin profile so
chad warden is a fake made up name
now do you want to know the real name of
the guy behind chad warden his name is
sorry guys i'm not gonna tell you it
here now let me explain why i'm blue
balling you here this linkedin profile
i'm talking about was deleted by chad
warden after he realized that people had
made the connection between his online
persona and his real government name so
out of respect for chad and his desire
to not have his real government name
associated with his old internet persona
from over a decade ago i'm just i'm just
not gonna say it here it's not that hard
to find though but i will share with you
the information that the internet found
off of this linkedin page turns out that
chad ended up graduating from virginia
tech university and landed a cush
accounting job for a large firm based
out of washington dc there was even a
picture of him holding a kid on this old
linkedin profile so it's possible that
chad daddy is actually daddied up oh and
it said he was both fluent in english
and spanish so there's that too so yeah
i i'd say he's living as balling as
possible
well guys that's pretty much the story
of chad warden aka
i find it remarkable how many people
hold nostalgic memories for this guy in
his videos as i see him commonly
referenced in meme form even to this day
perhaps for many he represents a simpler
time on youtube a time where one guy can
rile up the entire community just by
talking [__] about the xbox 360 and
nintendo wii whatever the case chad
warden will go down as one of the
greatest trolls in internet history and
he'll continue to bawl on these haters
in his cadillac until he's six feet
under let me know what you guys thought
about this video down below in the
comment section and let me know who or
what you want me to talk about next
major shout out to my patrons i
appreciate you guys wavy web surf out
peace
[Music]